ropper: add page (#10641)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/ropper.md

# ropper

> Find ROP gadgets in binary files.
> More information: <http://scoding.de/ropper/>.

- List gadgets in the binary file:

`ropper --file {{path/to/binary}}`

> - List gadgets in the binary file, filtered by regular expression:

Reviewer: Teeny nit: [same thing without a `,`] Its your call if you want to take it :)
```suggestion
- Filter gadgets in the binary file by a regular expression:
```

`ropper --file {{path/to/binary}} --search {{regex}}`

> - List gadgets in the binary file of the specified type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List gadgets of specified type in the binary file:
```

`ropper --file {{path/to/binary}} --type {{rop|job|sys|all}}`

> - List gadgets in the binary file, not including bad bytes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Exclude bad byte gadgets in the binary file:
```

`ropper --file {{path/to/binary}} --badbytes {{byte_string}}`

> - List gadgets in the binary file, with up to the given instructions count:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List gadgets up to the specified instruction count in the binary file:
```

> - List gadgets in the binary:
> 
> `ropper --file {{path/to/binary}}`
> 
> - List gadgets in the binary filtered by regular expression:
> 
> `ropper --file {{path/to/binary}} --search {{regex}}`
> 
> - List gadgets in the binary of specified type:
> 
> `ropper --file {{path/to/binary}} --type {{rop|job|sys|all}}`
> 
> - List gadgets in the binary not including bad bytes:
> 
> `ropper --file {{path/to/binary}} --badbytes {{byte_string}}`
> 
> - List gadgets in the binary with up to given instructions count:
> 
> `ropper --file {{path/to/binary}} --inst-count {{count}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- List gadgets in the binary file:

`ropper --file {{path/to/binary}}`

- List gadgets in the binary file, filtered by regular expression:

`ropper --file {{path/to/binary}} --search {{regex}}`

- List gadgets in the binary file of the specified type:

`ropper --file {{path/to/binary}} --type {{rop|job|sys|all}}`

- List gadgets in the binary file, not including bad bytes:

`ropper --file {{path/to/binary}} --badbytes {{byte_string}}`

- List gadgets in the binary file, with up to the given instructions count:

`ropper --file {{path/to/binary}} --inst-count {{count}}`
```
